ONE OF PRESIDENT TRUMP’S BIGGEST
SKEPTICS DURING THE PRESIDENTIAL
PRIMARY WAS CONSERVATIVE RADIO
AND TELEVISION HOST GLENN BECK.
WELL, HE NOW SAYS HE WOULD
GLADLY VOTE FOR TRUMP IN 2020.
HE’S HERE TO EXPLAIN THAT AND
WEIGH IN ON THE NEW RADICAL
EXTREME DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST
PARTY.
GLENN BECK HIMSELF.
ALSO THE AUTHOR OF THE UPCOMING
BOOK "ADDICTED TO OUTRAGE."
YOU ARE NOT BEING BROUGHT ON
THIS PROGRAM IN ANY WAY -- WE
GOT ALONG GREAT FOR A WHILE.
YOU WERE VERY GENEROUS TO ME AT
ONE POINT WHEN I NEEDED A RADIO
STUDIO.
YOU NEVER CHARGED ME A PENNY.
>> LISTEN TO ME.
WE ARE -- WE ARE -- WE BOTH
BELIEVE THAT OUR COUNTRY IS IN
TROUBLE.
WE’RE BOTH MEN THAT ARE VERY
PASSIONATE.
AND THERE’S NOTHING WRONG WITH
THAT.
>> Sean: NO, NO.
>> I’M MORE THAN HAPPY THAT
YOU -- THAT YOU REACHED OUT AND
WANTED TO TALK.
>> Sean: LET ME ASK YOU,
BECAUSE, LOOK, YOU’VE ALWAYS
BEEN AN ENTERTAINER AND
PERFORMER IN SO MANY WAYS.
YOU KNOW, EVERYBODY’S VIEWS
VARY.
WE WATCHED CHEETOS, THE DAY
AFTER TRUMP WAS ELECTED.
YOU COMPARED TRUMP’S WIN TO WHAT
HAPPENED IN GERMANY IN 1933.
YOU REALLY LOST ME HANGING OUT
WITH SAMANTHA BEE.
THAT WAS TO ME A DIFFERENT
POINT.
>> I WASN’T HANGING OUT -- I
WASN’T HANGING OUT WITH SAMANTHA
BEE.
LOOK, I THINK I’VE BEEN VERY
CONSISTENT.
I WAS JUDGING DONALD TRUMP ON
HIS RECORD PRIOR TO BEING
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
THAT’S ALL YOU HAD TO JUDGE HIM
ON.
I SAID AFTER THE ELECTION THAT
HE IS MY PRESIDENT, HE IS ALL OF
OUR PRESIDENTS, AND IT IS IN OUR
OUR PRESIDENTS, AND IT IS IN OURBEST INTEREST THAT OUR PRESIDENT
BEST INTEREST THAT OUR PRESIDENT
SUCCEEDS.
AND I WANT HIM TO SUCCEED.
AND I SAID OVER AND OVER AGAIN,
I HOPE THAT I’M WRONG.
IF I AM, I’LL BE THE FIRST TO
ADMIT IT.
ONCE HE GOT INTO OFFICE, NOW
HE’S THE PRESIDENT.
NOW I’M NOT JUDGING HIM ON THE
PAST.
I’M JUDGING ON WHAT HE’S DOING.
AND I CALL BALLS AND STRIKES.
QUITE HONESTLY, SEAN, EARLY ON,
I SAID I NEVER THOUGHT HE WOULD
DO THAT, I NEVER THOUGHT HE
WOULD DO THAT, I NEVER THOUGHT
HE WOULD DO THAT.
BY THE TIME HE GOT TO ISRAEL, HE
WAS PROVING ME WRONG EVERY STEP
OF THE WAY ON HIS POLICIES.
I WAS HAPPY, THRILLED, THRILLED
TO SAY HE’S DOING THE THINGS HE
SAID HE WOULD DO.
I THINK THE PROBLEM HAS BEEN
SINCE HE GOT INTO OFFICE ON
POLICIES, THE DEMOCRATIC -- I’M
SORRY, THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY, HE -- HE
IS THE GREATEST MISDIRECTION OF
ALL TIME.
ALL HE HAS TO DO IS JUST TWEET
SOMETHING AND THE MEDIA GOES
CRAZY.
THEY COULD HAVE PASSED ANYTHING.
AND HE WOULD HAVE SIGNED IT.
THEY DIDN’T.
I ASKED WHAT’S WRONG WITH THE
REPUBLICAN PARTY.
>> Sean: YOU KNOW, TO ME THERE
ARE WAY TOO MANY REPUBLICANS.
WE LEARNED THIS OVER OBAMACARE.
SHOW VOTES FOR REPEAL AND
REPLACE, 65 OF THEM.
REAL VOTES, SPINELESS,
VISIONLESS, FECKLESS.
>> Sean: NOTHING.
THE ONLY THING IS -- AND I MIGHT
HAVE HAD AN ADVANTAGE THAT YOU
DIDN’T HAVE.
LIKE YOU, I WENT OUT ON A LIMB.
I TOLD MY CONSERVATIVE AUDIENCE
WHAT I KNEW ABOUT DONALD TRUMP.
AND IF YOU LOOKED AT HIS RECORD,
GAVE MONEY TO DEMOCRATS, EVEN
HILLARY CLINTON, SAID NICE
THINGS ABOUT DEMOCRATS.
I ALWAYS KNEW THAT THAT WAS HIM
PLAYING THE POLITICAL GAME.
HE EVEN SAID IT, I’M PLAYING THE
GAME IN NEW YORK SO I CAN KEEP
MY BUILDINGS GOING UP,
ELECTRICIANS, PLUMBERS, STEEL
WORKERS WORKING AND I’M STILL IN
BUSINESS.
OTHERWISE, YOU’RE GOING TO BE
SHUT OUT.
AS YOU LOOK AT THE THINGS HE’S
DONE -- AND THE WAY I LOOK AT
IT, BIGGEST TAX CUTS,
CONSERVATIVE JUSTICES, FIGHTING
LIKE -- WITH EVERYTHING HE’S GOT
TO GET THE BORDER WALL BECAUSE
HE MADE THE PROMISE, ISRAEL IS
ANOTHER.
GETTING OUT OF THE IRANIAN DEAL.
EVEN THE CONCESSIONS THAT HE
GOT --
>> STANDING FOR ABORTION.
STANDING FOR ABORTION.
SAYING THAT HE’S AGAINST
SOCIALISM.
I WAS THERE AT THE STATE OF THE
UNION.
AND I WATCHED THE DEMOCRATS.
I WAS SITTING RIGHT ACROSS FROM
THE PRESIDENT IN THE BACK.
THAT’S THE WAY THAT THING YOU
SHOULD BE SHOT.
YOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO SEE WHO’S
TEXTING, LAUGHING, POKING EACH
OTHER --
>> Sean: PREDICTIONS --
>> I -- I NEVER THOUGHT I WOULD
SAY THIS.
BUT I LEFT THERE THINKING I
DON’T THINK I WOULD HAVE HAD THE
RESTRAINT THAT DONALD TRUMP HAS.
RESTRAINT THAT DONALD TRUMP HAS.THEY WERE HISSING HIM, THEY WERE
THEY WERE HISSING HIM, THEY WERE
MOCKING HIM THE WHOLE TIME.
AND YOU DIDN’T SEE IT OR HEAR IT
ON TELEVISION.
BECAUSE I WENT BACK AND WATCHED.
THERE IS A CLICK NOW
THERE IS A CLIQUE NOW IN THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY THAT ARE AS
RADICAL AS RADICAL CAN COME.
I REMEMBER WHEN I WAS TOLD I WAS
A RACIST FOR SAYING THAT PEOPLE
WERE SOCIALIST AND THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY WAS GOING TO
BECOME ANTI-SEMITIC AND
SOCIALIST.
THAT’S WHO THEY ARE AND THEY
WANT TO SAY THAT.
WELL, HERE WE ARE.
WE ARE NOW AT A POINT WHERE IF
YOU -- GO AHEAD.
>> Sean: LET ME THEN ASK THIS.
YOU SEE THE NEW GREEN DEAL.
NO PLANES, NO COWS, NO CARS, NO
OIL, NO GAS.
THE PROBLEM IS, IT’S NOT JUST
ONE CONGRESSWOMAN.
IT’S A HUNDRED DEMOCRATS AT
LEAST.
AND 2020 CONTENDERS.
THIS IS REAL FOR THEM.
THEN YOU ADD TO THAT THIS
ABSOLUTE DISGRACE THEY CAN’T
EVEN CONDEMN CONGRESSWOMAN OMAR
IN THIS CASE TODAY.
AND YOU LOOK AT WHERE -- AND
WERE IMPORTANTLY, I THINK THE
BIGGEST ABUSE OF POWER,
CORRUPTION, SCANDAL IN HISTORY
AS IT RELATES TO THE DEEP STATE,
THOSE AT THE TOP OF THE FBI, NOT
RANK AND FILE, THOSE IN THE
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT, WHAT THEY
HAVE DONE AND STILL NOT HELD
ACCOUNTABLE, BUT I HEAR THEY
WILL BE.
>> I WILL JUST TELL YOU THIS.
THE NEW GREEN DEAL IS ONE OF THE
MOST FRIGHTENING THINGS.
FORGET ABOUT THE CARS AND STUFF.
THEY DON’T CARE.
THING.
THEY DON’T CARE ABOUT THE GREEN
THE -- THE SECOND PART OF THAT
IS THE FUNDAMENTAL
TRANSFORMATION OF OUR ECONOMIC
SYSTEM AND THAT IS IN THERE.
THEY ARE LOOKING TO TRANSFORM
OUR SYSTEM.
WHEN THEY SAY THE FREE MARKET
SYSTEM DOESN’T WORK AND IT’S NOT
GOING TO BE AROUND LONG, THEY
MEAN IT.
AND DEMOCRATS -- THE GOOD
DEMOCRATS IN THE CENTER OF THE
COUNTRY WHO ARE NOT JUST PLAYING
POLITICS, THEY’VE GOT TO WAKE UP
TO WHO IS THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY
TODAY.
THESE PEOPLE ARE SERIOUS
RADICALS.
THEY HAVE SERIOUS ISSUES WITH --
WITH RACE AND -- AND
ANTI-SEMITISM.
THEY ARE SERIOUS SOCIALISTS.
THEY ARE NOT TALKING ABOUT
SWEDEN.
THAT IS A FREE MARKET WITH A LOT
OF WELFARE ON TOP OF IT.
IT’S NOT A SOCIALIST COUNTRY.
>> Sean: LAST QUESTION, GLENN,
IF YOU DON’T MIND.
WILL YOU VOTE FOR TRUMP IN 2020?
>> YOU KNOW, SEAN, I THINK WHEN
YOU WERE LOOKING AT AVOWED
SOCIALISTS THAT WANT TO END THE
FREE MARKET.
THEY’RE NOT EVEN TALKING ABOUT
ABORTION.
WE’RE TALKING ABOUT THIRD TRY
WE’RE TALKING ABOUT THIRD
TRIMESTER ABORTIONS, WHEN YOU
ARE SITTING HERE TALKING ABOUT
INFANTICIDE.
YOU LOOK AT WHO THESE PEOPLE
ARE, THERE’S NO WAY ANYONE
STANDING UP AGAINST THOSE GUYS
AND ACTUALLY HAS A SPINE, YES.
NOW, WILL I SAY I’M GOING TO
VOTE FOR HIM, NO.
AND HERE’S WHY.
ANYONE I EVER SAY I’M VOTING
FOR, IT’S A KISS OF DEATH.
[ LAUGHTER ]
PLEASE DON’T ASK.
IF HE WANT --
>> Sean: ONE TIME I ENDORSED JOE
LIEBERMAN.
HE CALLS ME AND SAYS, DON’T
ENFORCE ME.
YOU’RE NOT HELPING.